# EuroPython

Thursday 2nd (2 hours)

* Checking pending tasks for forming the team
* Reviewing comments on EP2025 Wiki document.
* Sync on a new application idea for Finaid in the conference.

Friday 3rd (3 hours)

* Iterating the Programme team member proposals and picking a few.
* Communication with possible members.
* Discussion about Track names.
* Configuring Pretalx initiatilly and adding/removing members.

Sunday 5th (2 hours)

* Catching up with EP-Programme messages and tasks.

Tuesday 7th (1 hour)

* Meeting about the Programme timeline and a couple of extra pending items.

Thursday 9th (80 min)

* Catching up with discord messages and trying to finish the pretalx
  configuration while including feedback and comments from people.

Friday 10th (110 min)

* Finalizing all the details for pretalx to go live.
* Syncing with Programme team to make it public.
* Sync with comms for the announcements.
* Applying feedback regarding wording and style of pretalx.
* Addressing the initial feedback from the internal cfp announcement.

Saturday 11th (1 hour)

* Discussing a couple of new ideas with regards he screening phase.
* Checking if pretalx is doing well with the first proposals (found a missing
    question)

Sunday 12th (40 min)

* Noticing a few missing details from the CfP
* Updating the wiki with a few messages that we took as feedback.
* Agreeing on the team meeting
* Discussing new topics on discord.

Monday 13th (3 hours)

* Two programme meetings
* Reviewing initial proposals to gather feedback on how a few new options
    worked
* Catching up with Discord messages.

Sunday 19th (30 min)

* Little discussion about Keynotes and CfP promotion.

Monday 20th (3 hour)

* Programee meeting
* Catching up with discord messages and open questions

Wednesday 22nd (2 hour)

* Starting planning the screening
* Checking a few proposals
* Discussion about website

Thursday 23rd (1 hour)

* Starting screenings

Friday 24th (3 hours)

* Finishing up screenings.
* Mentorship programme call
* Sending a review for 4 proposals for another mentee

Saturday 25th (8 hours)

* Attending PyConWeb
* Finalizing some of other missing screenings
* General discussion for EuroPython: new ideas, mechanism, technologies, etc.

Monday 27th (2 hours)

* Programee meeting
* Discussion about keynotes, panels and other programme details on Discord.

Tuesday 28th (30 min)

* Catching up with a few discord messages

# Python en Español

Saturday 4th (2 hours)

* Maintenance to the server where the bot runs
* Debugging a failure on a flood detection mechanism

Sunday 5th (1 hour)

* Started a bot to monitor RSS

Monday 6th (3 hour)

* Finished bot about monitoring RSS

# Python Docs ES

Sunday 5th (20 min)

* Reviewing a couple of PRs

# PSF

Wednesday 8th (2 hours)

* PSF Meeting
* Sharing a document about the organizers initiative a pycon
* Syncing on the pyconus participation and WG activities.

Friday 10th (40 min)

* Meeting for the community organizer initiative.

Tuesday 14th (1 hour)

* PSF Board Office hours

Sunday 19th (90 min)

* Creating form the Python Organizer's Forum
* Iterating a few logos for the initiative.

# PyLadiesCon

Thursday 9th (1 hour)

* Retrospective of the 2024 conference

Thursday 16th (1 hour)

* First meeting for the 2025 edition

Thursday 23rd (2 hours)

* Organization meeting to define roles and goals for PyLadiescon 2025

# PyLadies Berlin

Tuesday 14th (3 hours)

* January event
