# EuroPython

Wednesday 2nd (1 hour)

* Plaza call

Friday 4th (2 hours)

* Handling servicedesk tasks, a couple of cancellations, and pending messages

Monday 7th (1 hour)

* Programee weekly meeting (the last one!)

Wednesday 9th (1 hour)

* Plaza call

Thursday 10th (2 hours)

* Habdling cancellations and coordination for new presentations.

Friday 11th (3 hours)

* Moving around things in order to coordinate again the pending talks
  that needs to be settle: tickets, slots, etc.

Saturday 12th (1 hour)

* Sending a couple of reminder emails and handling a slot we still have
    pending.

Sunday 13th (2 hour)

* Settling the last details before the conference from the Programme side.

Monday 14th (9 hours)

* First day of the conference
* Handling one cancelled task
* Other on-site duties.
* Participating in the summits

Tuesday 15th (8 hours)

* On-site duties.
* Participating in the summits

Wednesday 16th (7 hours)

* On-site duties.

Thursday 17th (9 hours)

* On-site duties.

Friday 18th (8 hours)

* On-site duties.

Saturday 19th (6 hours)

* First sprint day!
* Working on the new sponsors/speaker initiative

Wednesday 30th (4 hours)

* Catch-up, retro, and various topics meeting.

# PyLadiesCon

Thursday 3rd (2.5 hours)

* Weekly call
* GSoC check-in call

Monday 7th (20 min)

* GSoC check-in meeting

Thursday 10th (2.5 hours)

* Weekly call
* GSoC check-in meeting

Monday 21st (20 min)

* GSoC check-in meeting

Monday 28th (30 min)

* GSoC check-in meeting

Thursday 31st (1.5 hours)

* GSoC check-in meeting
* Weekly meeting

# PSF

Monday 7th (1 hour)

* Grants page content sync.

Tuesday 8th (20 min)

* PSF Board office hours (arrived late!)

Wednesday 16th (2 hours)

* Weekly board meeting

# PyCon PT

Thursday 24th (8 hours)

* First day of the conference!

Friday 25th (8 hours)

* Second day!
* I gave a talk and a lightning talk.

Saturday 26th (7 hours)

* Tutorial day (and final day)
* I gave a tutorial.

# PyLadies Berlin

Tuesday 29th (3 hours)

* July meetup
