# PyLadies Berlin

Friday 2nd (2 hours)

* Finishing up the new website, adding the german translation that was
  originally contributed to the website.

# EuroPython

Saturday 3rd (20 min)

* Checking if everything is going OK, no withdrawn talks, and no pending action
  points for Programme

Monday 5th (40 min)

* Programme weekly meeting.

Monday 12th (2 hours)

* Handling a new cancellation.
* Weekly programme meeting

Friday 23rd (1 hour)

* A couple of discussions on pending topics of the conference
* Catching up with the pile of messages from when I was away :D

# PyLadiesCon

Thursday 8th (2 hours)

* Weekly meeting: before PyConUS

Thursday 15th (2 hours)

* Team event and meeting

Thursday 22nd (1.5 hours)

* Monthly meeting
* Discussion on sponsorship

# PyLadies Berlin

Saturday 10th (2 hours)

* Finishing up and deploying the new website.

# PSF

Friday 9th (1 hour)

* PSF Board election committe

Sunday 11th (3 hours)

* Reworking the structure and content of the grant website
* Creating a infographics about the process

Wednesday 13th (1 hour)

* Board Office hours

# PyConUS

Tuesday 13th (1 hour)

* Manually crafting the design of the little notebooks for the booth!

Thursday 15th (4 hours)

* Arrival at PyConUS!
* Brinding some things for the Python en Español booth, so everything could be
    ready to build it. Buying some extra supplies as well.
* Building the booth decor
* Welcome event!

Friday 16th (8 hours)

* First talk day!
* Chairing 3 talks.
* Sound check and meeting for the D&I panel.
* Lightning talks brief coordination meeting.
* Handling the coordination of the booth and chairing of the spanish track.

Saturday 17th (8 hours)

* Participating in the D&I Panel
* Open Space: Community organizers
* Open Space: Let's talk about the Qt framework
* Meet & Greet at the PSF booth: from python en español
* Chairing the lightning talks in the afternoon.
* A few 1:1 with people at the conference related to the PSF
* PSF Lunch
* PSF Board Dinner

Sunday 18th (8 hours)

* Final talks day
* A few more 1:1 meetings with people at the conference.
* Moving things around!

Monday 19th (8 hours)

* PSF Board meeting (extraordinary)
* A couple more meetings
* Sprinting a bit on PyLadiesCon

