# EuroPython

Tuesday 1st (1 hour)

- Handling the case of 3 withdrawn proposals.

Wednesday 2nd (2 hour)

- Handling another case of a withdran proposal.
- Submitting a couple of designs for speaker cards

Friday 4th (3 hour)

- Sending reminder email for last day of confirmation.
- Sending a couple emails more for other replacement talks.
- Discussing a design for Keynote cards and proposing a few designs.

Sunday 6th (20 min)

- Adding confirmed speakers to the finaid sheet
- Keynote discussion.

Monday 7th (3 hours)

- Replying to a couple of new issues.
- Handling a new case of a withdrawal.
- Sending reminder for the last confirmation day for a proposal.
- Programme weekly meeting.

Tuesday 8th (4 hours)

- Two sessions for creating the schedule.
- Discussion about pending proposals.
- Catching up with pending emails on servicedesk.
- Sending a couple new emails about new confirmed proposals.

Friday 11th (2.5 hours)

* Long meeting to finalize the schedule
* Spend quite some time of creating the draft schedule on pretalx
* Other server catch-ups and discussions

Monday 14th (2.5 hours)

* Programme meeting
* Catching up with issues on Discord

Wednesday 16th (1.5 hours)

* Monthly Plaza call
* Catching up with some other open issues

Tuesday 22th (1 hour)

* Programee weekly meeting
* Replying to a couple of requests

Thursday 24th (1.5 hour)

* Aync discussion on vouchers, speaker dinner and more
* Replying a couple o tickets

Monday 28th (2 hours)

* Weekly programme meeting
* Discussing details for documentary
* Catching up with general discussions

Tuesday 29th (1 hour)

* Cross reference speaker/session info for sending the vouchers
* Discussion on discord about it.

Wednesday 30th (2 hours)

* Updating script for sending the emails,
* More discussion around the vouchers topic.

# PyLadiesCon

Thursday 3rd (2 hours)

- Weekly meeting
- Starting to look into replacing the i18next plugin on a template
  by the built-in support for i18n.

Sunday 6th (20 min)

- Discussion about stickers designs to bring to PyConUS.

Monday 7th (3 hours)

- Fighting with an astro-template to provide i18n and mdx pages.
  at the end I found a new theme :D

Sunday 13th (3 hours)

- Adapting theme to i18n

Wednesday 16th (3 hours)

- Keep fighting with modifying the new page for the index site.
- Polishing details for 2025 website

Sunday 20th (3 hours)

- Continue the work on adapting the theme for the index page

Monday 21st (4 hours)

- Finishing the list for Google Summer of Code candidates selection
- Finalizing the migration of the content to the new page
- Adapting new issues found within the theme.

Thursday 24th (2 hours)

* Weekly meeting

Friday 25th (3 hours)

* Continue with the website development.
* Migrating blog posts

Saturday 26th (2 hours)

* Finalizing the main pyladies website.

Sunday 27th (3 hours)

* Wrapping up all the websites for the conference, and deploying the index to
    the main domain.

# Python en Español

Sunday 6th (3 hour)

- Creating the designs for all the messages for the Charlas a PyConUS
- Small meeting to sync about activities
- Iterating the background design for the booth

# PyConUS

Monday 7th (2 hours)

- Catchup about Charlas, community booth.
- Re-designing the assets for social media announcing a few milestones.

# PSF

Tuesday 8th (1 hour)

- PSF Board office hours

Wednesday 9th (2 hours)

- Monthly meeting

Friday 18th (40 min)

- Catching up meeting with Deb

# PyBerlin

Tuesday 8th (3 hours)

* Preparing slides for the meetup

Wednesday 9th (3 hours)

* April meetup, gave a talk and preparing some slides for conference
    announcements.

# PyPI

Friday 11th (1.5 hour)

* Addressing 17 size limit issues from support.

# Python ES

Sunday 13th  (1 hour)

* General assembly meeting
