# Python España

Wednesday 1st (4 hours)

- Follow up meeting to decide the landing page and future work.
- Created a second version of the PyCon landing page including
  effects and feedback from the team.
- Created a design for the Twitter account (header/profile pic)

Thursday 2nd (3 hours)

- Creating instagram profile, and posting the first image.
- Recovering the conference Twitter account with the help of more people.
  Changing the header/profile, and doing the first tweet.
- Merged the Landing page proposal, and going live with the website.

Sunday 5th (2 hours)

- Created the telegram channel for PyCon news.
- Added link to the conference landing page.
- Discussed some ideas regarding the conference, finding information
  from last year event.

Wednesday 8th (2 hours)

- PyCon progress meeting, following up with some things to be defined
  in each team.

Friday 10th (30 minutes)

- Sponsors catch-up meeting to brainstorm a bit about the sponsors level
  and mechanism.

Sunday 26th (10 minutes)

- Fix issue with arrow link to reach the bottom of the page.

# Python Chile

Wednesday 1st (3 hours)

- Started the discussion about a few topics like: inactive coordination
  members, corporation account, meetup plan, future members plans etc.
- Filled up a sheet with all the information we have regarding
  coordination members, including access to services, usernames,
  emails, etc.
- Submitted a question regarding applying for a PSF grant regarding
  meetup groups.

Monday 13th (2 hours)

- Refactoring the way of presenting members of Python Chile in the website.
- Changing style of the front page cards.

# Python Docs ES

Sunday 5th (1 hour)

- Applying comments from reviews and adjusting other PRs

Monday 20th (1 hour)

- Addressing comments to PRs I had made in the past.

Sunday 26th (1 hour)

- Adding comments from reviews.

# Python en Español

Sunday 12th (4 hours)

- Adding new sections in the website:
  https://hablemospython.dev/psf.html
  https://hablemospython.dev/comienzacomunidad.html
  https://hablemospython.dev/otrascomunidades.html

# EuroPython

Friday 10th (1 hour)

- Initial meeting to provide information regarding Discord, so the
  EPS organizers can have a clearer picture of the pro/cons and discuss
  the possibility to start a public server.

# PyConUS

Friday 10th (1 hour)

- Defining the schedule with my co-chair for the PyCon Charlas 2023

# PyLadies Berlin

Monday 6th (2 hours)

- Organization meeting
- Created a couple of templates for the meetup header new design.

# Pyjamas

Monday 13th (1 hour)

- Organization meeting

# PyPI

Sunday 12th (1 hour)

- Increasing file and project limit sizes, from requests.

Sunday 19th (30 min)

- Increasing file and project limit sizes, from requests.

Sunday 26th (1 min)

- Increasing file and project limit sizes, from requests.

