# EuroPython

Friday 1st (2 hours)

* Meeting: Catch-up Programmee session about the current state of the team,
  Other activities besides talks, and Discussing the community voting

Friday 8th (2 hours)

* Adjusting the dates for the cfp extension on the website, and pretalx
* Making the announcement on telegram and on twitter (with a little gif)
* Drafting email to reviewers
* Workaround logos for EP2024

Wednesday 13th (30 minutes)

* Catching up with the pretalx issues that left the last CfP day offline,
  and communicating once the system was back online.

Friday 15th (3 hours)

* Categorizing around 60 proposals that were submitted during the time
  the track field was disabled by error.
* Monitoring the amount of proposals and creating groups for easing the
  reviewers selection.
* Starting a preliminary review of some proposals.

Saturday 16th (2 hours)

* Recording a video to explain the review process, some editing.
* Finished the groups on pretalx
* Adjusting the form and preparing material for sending it
  to reviewers.

Sunday 17th (3 hours)
* Testing the community-voting locally.
* Trying to figure out more things about the app.
* Sending the emails to all reviewers and people that applied
  ot the Programme team.

Monday 18th (1 hour)

* Checking new form replies from reviewers, to add them to the pretalx
  groups accordinly. This was done during many times during the day.
* Starting the discussion for the Programme meeting.

Tuesday 19th (2 hours)

* Continue adding reviewers to the pretalx groups.
* Testing the community-voting system that was deployed by Infra.

Wednesday 20th (4 hour)

* Adding more people as reviewers.
* First meeting for the Programme team.
* Addressing some support questions.
* Creating an initial set of custom videos we can use in our socials.

Friday 22nd (4 hours)

* Meeting with the board representative for syncing on the overall schedule.
* Adding more reviewers
* Answering many emails from reviewers that were having questions on missing
  emails, wrong links, and other details.
* Sending the emails to reviewers that didn't accept the invite,
  that didn't submit the form, and to the ones that started.

Saturday 23st (2 hours)

* Adding more information to a few keynotes candidates.
* Preparing the general poll for the conference.
* Adding more reviewers and answering a couple of emails.

Tuesday 26th (2 hours)

* Sending reminder to all the reviewers about the extension.
* Following up some discussions on discord.

Wednesday 27th (3 hours)

* First plaza call
* Following-up in some of the Programme related topics.

# PSF

Saturday 2nd (3 hours)

* Continue working on the pelican theme adaption for PSF content

Thursday 14th (2 hours)

* Syncing with Denny about some initiatives in the PSF.

# Python en Español

Sunday 3rd (20 minutes)

* Mergin a PR for changes related newest podcast episodes.
* Deploying the new version
* Uploading mp3 files for the podcast.

# PyPI

Friday 8th (30 minutes)

* Adjusting the project/upload limit of 20 projects.

# FOSS Backstage

Monday 4th (8 hours)

* Participating on the day 1 of FOSS Backstage

Tuesday 5th (9 hours)

* Participating on the day 2 of FOSS Backstage

Wednesday 6th (9 hours)

* Participating on the day 3 of FOSS Backstage, Design.

# PyBerlin

Wednesday 13 (3 hours)

* Participating in the PyBerlin meetup number 44, and giving a talk about
  Python extensions in other languages.

# Python Chile

Thursday 28th (20 minutes)

* Adjusting the permissions of inactive coordination people
* Archiving a few channels and categories on Discord.

# PyLadiesCon

Wednesday 27th (1 hour)

* Kick-off meeting to discuss pending topics from 2023, and the planning
  for 2024.
