# EuroPython

Saturday 1st (3 hours)

* Moving proposals from a sheet to pretalx schedule.
* Grouping and placing them on the schedule
* Catching up with support messages.

Monday 3rd (1 hour)

* First time speakers workshop.

Tuesday 4th (3 hours)

* Long schedule meeting with the Programme team,
* Follow up with some action points.

Wednesday 5th (2 hours)

* Sending emails with dinner vouchers to co-presenters.
* Withdrawing a talk of a speaker that cannot attend, and start a survey
  to select the replacement.
* Replying to a few support requests.
* Continue the discussion related some gifts for volunteers, speakers and
    organizers

Sunday 9th (1 hour)

* Respoding to a few questions.

Monday 10th (2 hours)

* Catching up with messages,
* Sending a few emails.
* Adjusting sessions to be single sessions, so we avoid
  issues on the schedule.

Tuesday 11th (4 hours)

* Catching up with tickets from support.
* Catching up with emails.
* Settling on the whole pins stories for speakers.
* Iterating a few stickers for the first time participants, and lightning
    talkers.
* Adjusting schedule details.
* Filtering remote-only talks.
* Working on the sponsoring from Qt to Europython
* Applying feedback from the ops teams to impove the web.

Wednesday 12th (2 hours)

* Writing a proposal for a conference photographer.
* Iterating some details related to Qt sponsorship.
* Redacting a ew emails.
* Brainstorming session for PyLadies participation during the conference.

Thursday 13th (2 hours)

* New initiative for EPS kick-off call.
* Sending reminder email to all the presenters.
* Sending emails to two recent confirmed talks (from waiting list)

Saturday 15th (2 hours)

* Submitting last sponsored talk (from Qt)
* Manually add the content and profile for two keynote speakers.
* Releasing a new schedule version with all the provided sponsored talks.

Tuesday 18th (3 hours)

* General plaza call (last one)
* Answering a few messages, emails, and catching up with pending tasks.

Thursday 20th (30 min)

* Catching up with messages about cancellations and last-minute changes.

Friday 21st (30 min)

* Catching up with even more last-minute situation related tutorials
  and talks, luckily the team managed to solve them all :D

Saturday 22nd (3 hour)

* Communicating special cases with missing vouchers
* Accepting new proposals and planning them in order to fill gaps.
* Write down a few ideas for next year regarding processes that can be
    improved.
* Deciding a few things for moving forward in some special cases
  with cancelled tutorias.

Sunday 23rd (2 hours)

* Handling more support tickets
* Discussing what to do with a few corner cases,
  and planning how to proceed.

Tuesday 25th (2 hours)

* Catching up with messages on Discord
* Replying to a couple of support tickets.

Wednesday 26th (3 hours)

* Enabling a voting to decide which panels to do
* Writing up the details for the two panels
* Thinking of a few names for panelista and hosts.

Thursday 27th (3 hours)

* Figuring out a few pending cancelled talks replacements
* Adding more people and modifying the panels details.
* Catching up with even more messages on discord :D
* Internal discussions about the panel dynamics
* Sending a couple of emails about replacement talks.

Friday 28th (2 hours)

* Requesting more emails to waiting lists speakers, contacting
  the ones currently there, and asking them if they would like to continue.
* Pinging a couple of accepted talks (from the waiting list) on mastodon
* Jumping on a couple of topics around other teams.

Saturday 29th (2 hours)

* Following up with speakers that didn't accept their talks,
  emailing a couple more.
* Catching up with a couple of pending details for the event.

Sunday 30th (3 hours)

* Following up discussion with the Game tournament during the conference.
* Gathering info for emergency talks from community members in case
  no more talks from the waiting list can do it.
* Approaching a couple of people personally to get proposals.
* Pinging people that haven't confirm their participation in the panels.
* Closing issues in zammad

# PyLadies Berlin

Monday 3rd (1 hour)

* Monthly meeting.
* Reviewing a pull request.

Monday 24th (1 hour)

* Joined June meetup.

# PyLadiesCon

Wednesday 5th (3 hours)

* PyLadiesCon progress meeting
* Follow-up meeting regarding new ideas and proposals.

Saturday 15th (2 hours)

* Continue working on the Hugo-based theme for the conference.

Sunday 16th (1 hour)

* Designing rollup and stickers for EuroPython

Monday 17th (3 hours)

* Finishing up the Hugo theme for the conference.

Wednesday 19th (1 hour)

* Progress meeting

# PyPI

Monday 24th (2 hours)

* Addressing 99 Issues related to project/file limit size.


# Python en Español

Sunday 23th (1 hour)

* Creating material for the PSF elections stream
* Sync-meeting to organize the future interviews and promotion
  of candidates.

Monday 24th (2 hours)

* Creating slides for transmission.
* Sharing the event in a few groups/platforms.
* Live session with information about the elections.

Friday 28th (2 hours)

* Interview session with other 3 candidates from Latin america
  for the board of directors.
* Creating new graphical assets for the session.
* Starting to iterate designs for the final videos.
