# PyLadies Berlin

Monday 1st (40 minutes)

* Participating in the beginning of the monthly call.

# EuroPython

Monday 1st (3 hours)

* Catching up with more messages
* Finalizing a few details with my sponsoring company
* Confirmed an external emergency talk
* Pinging another person on mastodon to get a reply.
* Looking for more panelists and a host for the Sustainability Panel

# PSF

Tuesday 2nd (30 minutes)

* Official interview for the elections

# Python en Español

Tuesday 2nd (3 hours)

* Starting the creating of the intro, outro and question videos
  for the Spanish speaking candidates.
* Recording my own answers for the interview.
* Finding music and creating other little video transitions
  for the final video
* Creating the first video for the first candidate (proof)

# EuroPython

Wednesday 3rd (1 hour)

* Handling the case of a couple of cancellations,
  and making sure everything was OK.

Thursday 4th (2 hours)

* Settling some details about merchandising, missing talks,
  pending support tickets, and more...

Friday 5th (2 hours)

* Trying to finish up some pending things before my trip
  to the conference.
* Catching up with messages.

Monday 8th (8 hours)

* First day of conference.
* Running around helping with whatever was needed.
* Update some details on Google's sponsoring page.
* Handling special cases for the Django Girls tutorial.
* Finding last chairs for keynotes and panels.
* Support issues

Tuesday 9th (8 hours)

* Second day of the conference
* Coordinating last details for the AI game tournament
* Requesting a couple of new channels to Ops, and special permissions.
* Last minute talk cancellation, finding a new speaker.
* Coordinating and finding someone to run the Lightning Talks.

Wednesday 10th (8 hours)

* Third day of the conference (first day of talks)
* Coordinating and providing help to the open source tables
* Running around doing stuff :D
* Writing and setting up the Open Space board.

Thursday 11th (8 hours)

* Fourth day of the conference (second day of talks)
* Doing the morning announcement.
* Discussing some special cases for lightning talks.
* Writing and setting up the Open Space board.

Friday 12th (8 hours)

* Fifth day of the conference (third day of talks)
* Very long open space about PyOrganizers in Europe and the world.
* Spanish speaking open space
* Lots of discussion around communities and how to improve things.
* Writing and setting up the Open Space board.

Saturday 13th (7 hours)

* Sixth day of the conference (first day of sprints)
* Helping with the wireless connection to some users
* Going around rooms explaining how to connect
* Gave a little talk for the Call for Proposals open space
* sprinted about new ideas on resources indexing and presentation
  for the EuroPython Society.
* Meeting about systems and processes in a couple of conferences
  and how they can be improved.

Sunday 21th (3 hours)

* Writing a scrapper and a parser for the current EPS content in the website
  and adapting that to create a new site based on astro/starlight
* The website can be found at https://eps-ng.vercel.app

Tuesday 23th (6 hours)

* Two super-long retro meetings (4 hours omg...)
* Working on some astro + ghost integration for the europyhon blog.

Saturday 27th (3 hours)

* Playing around with astro and a blog theme for displaying the blog
  content in a better way.

Sunday 28th (2 hours)

* Writing the summary of the Programme process

Monday 29th (1 hour)

* Finishing the summary document for the Programme team.

# PSF

Tuesday 2nd (30 minutes)

* Recording videos for the PSF board candidates interview.

Thursday 18th (2 hours)

* Non-profit training session

Friday 19th (2 hours)

* Non-profit training session

Saturday 20th (5 hours)

* Writing a scrapper and a parser for the current PSF content in the website
  and adapting that to create a new site based on astro/starlight
* The website can be found at https://psf-ng.vercel.app

Monday 22nd (80 minutes)

* On-boarding meeting
* Discussing with a couple of people an idea from Sergio (Canary Islands)
  to have a 'latest' symlink in the official Python FTP index.

Wednesday 24th (150 minutes)

* July PSF Board meeting

Friday 26th (30 minutes)

* Follow-up meeting to finish a topic from the PSF Board meeting.

Monday 29th (20 minutes)

* Setting up the calendly account.

# PyLadiesCon

Wednesday 17th (2 hours)

* Progress meeting
* Setting up last details for the new website.

Monday 29th (2 hour)

* Quick catch-up with conference topics.
* Setting up initial version of the Discord server.
