# EuroPython

Wednesday 1st (3 hours)

* Wrote draft for the blog post on how talks are accepted.
* Started to brainstorm on additional t-shirt designs (20 designs)
  so other people can contribute and comment.

Monday 13th (1 hour)

* Catching up with pending messages and support issues.

Friday 24th (2 hours)

* Sending email about the beginners workshop for confirmed proposals.
* Creating a set of designs for "Lightning Talks" and "First time attendees"
  stickers.

Saturday 25th (1 hour)

* Adding emails to speakers that needs a voucher.
* Preparing script to send the emails with the voucher information.

Friday 31st (1 hour)

* Catching up with emails and pending messages.

# PSF

Wednesday 1st (20 min)

* Suggesting a few ideas for funding translation projects
  from different communities.

# Python en Español

Tuesday 7th (30 min)

* Creating a new image and post for Discord regarding the new
  booth that we will have at PyConUS.

Thursday 9th (20 min)

* Adjusting a banner design to be printed for the booth.

Friday 24th (30 min)

* Adding comments and proposals for the Charlas form.
* Re-phrasing the thank you letter.
* Creating an Album for people to share their pictures.

Saturday 25th (20 min)

* Creating new category for communities that want to have a channel
  in the server, and creating the first channel for a new group
  in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.

Sunday 26th (20 min)

* Maintenance to the many bots we have around initiatives like
  "Python en Español", "python-docs-es", and other telegram groups.

Monday 27th (1 hour)

* Sync after PyConUS

# PyConUS

Monday 6th (20 min)

* Proof reading email in spanish (translated) to speakers.
* Sharing a form in order to invite CfP reviewers to the luncheon.

Thursday 16th (4 hours)

* Setting up Community Booth.
* Spending time in the community booth during the first day

Friday 17th (8 hours)

* Being the host for the first round of 'PyCon Charlas'
* Spending a couple of hours at the community booth.
* Global conference organizers at PSF booth.

Saturday 18th (8 hours)

* Opening the booth and staying there the whole morning.
* PSF Lunch
* PSF booth slot for PyCon Charlas.
* Closing PyCon Charlas and official photo.
* PyLadies Auction

Sunday 19th (7 hours)

* Taking care of the Documentation Summit for a couple of hours after lunch
  until the end.
* Qt Open Space
* Staying at the booth for a couple of hours.
* Presenting PyCon Sweeden on behalf of the organizers.
* Contacting other global conferences to be announced during the lightning
    talks.

Monday 20th (5 hours)

* Sprinting on the new PyLadies website.
* Sprinting on a few ideas for the PSF to select more fellows.
* Discussing with a couple board members about some ideas.

Tuesday 21th (5 hours)

* Setup the infra for the PyLadies Valparaiso to be published.
* Continue sprinting on the PyLadies website and other ideas.
* Discussion about pyproject.toml and the support for limited-api wheels.
